from made a major announcement yesterday
he's planning a big party and we're all
invited he wrote hold the date we will
be having one of the biggest gatherings
in the history of Washington DC on July
4th it will be called a salute to
America and will be held at the Lincoln
Memorial
major fireworks display entertainment
and in a dress by your favorite
president me finally a chance to
celebrate America on July 4th and that
works who knows maybe a little dress the
kids up and get them candy on October
31st
you know Trump says this will be one of
the biggest gatherings in the history of
Washington DC and he's never been wrong
about the size of a crowd there before
it is cute that he thinks he's still
gonna be president in July but if he is
this announcement creates more questions
than answers and we really don't know
what's going on so to get some more
detail on it we tracked down the
gentleman who is in charge of planning
the celebration his name's Gil McManus
and let's go live to him now in
Washington
hi there Jimmy hello happy America to
you oh happy America to you too Gil you
know there's a lot of interest around
this salute to America the president
announced but his tweet didn't give us
many specifics can you tell can you give
us an idea of what it is you're working
on specifically well Jimmy it'll be good
old-fashioned American fun Oh streamers
hot dogs climate change scientists in
dunk tank listen the President himself
riding a bald eagle around the White
House lawn that sounds it sounds illegal
actually yeah but you know what
Jefferson said laws are for poor you
know I don't think Jefferson said that
but well he wrote it oh okay anyway
we're also going to have an appearance
by Kanye West oh really
what will Kanye be doing at the thing
mr. West will be giving a TED talk into
a mirror and I think you're familiar
with Kelly Ann Kahn yes of course I'm
Tory is gonna sing about mountains oh
that's great I think so yeah it's it's
gonna be a hoot okay but why does
president Trump want such a big 4th of
July event this year the President
believes the 4th of July is the perfect
time to unite the country to get people
together from both sides of the aisle to
celebrate 243 years of being the
cockiest sons of on the planet
they said is that something we really
want to celebrate Gil you're darn
straight we do this is America this is a
chance for Americans to strap on our
star-spangled fanny packs and drink beer
until the police show up
[Applause]
number one high-five there's no one ever
really what Trump had trouble
booking acts for his inauguration what
kind of entertainment do you have lined
up for this Wow ah well let's see uh huh
oh yes this is a winner okay listen
Ivanka can waive for up to nine hours at
a time without changing her facial
expression it's an amazing thing to
watch okay it doesn't sound entertaining
really necessarily well then you're
gonna love this okay you know that lady
who does firework Oh Katy Perry yes
she's one of our guests tonight yeah no
this is a woman that named Irma listen
to me she's a 97 year old broad who
shoots fireworks out of her butt watch
what a talent she is yeah
and listen if you weren't up on your
feet saying the Pledge of Allegiance
when you see those bottle rockets
blasting out from under her repurpose
unum then maybe it's time for you to
move to communist candidate you little
[Applause]
it sounds like he's got a good solid if
you liked that video click the subscribe
button but only if you're ready for
commitment